feature/eng-4292-add-shift-assignment-and-shift-creation-as-templates-in (#415)
nextmv-io/sdk: templates/order-fulfillment-gosdk/README.md

> # Nextmv MIP knapsack template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Nextmv order fulfillment template
```

This is a Integer Programming model to solve the order fulfillment problem.

The order fulfillment problem is a typical decision problem in e-commerce and
the retailer industry. It needs to be determined which distribution centers
are used and which carriers should be considered for the transportation of
the order to the customer. Of course these are not all aspects of the order
fulfillment problem, but these decisions will be the focus of this model.

The most important files created are `main.go` and `input.json`.

* `main.go` implements a MIP knapsack solver.
* `input.json` is a sample input file that follows the input definition in
`main.go`.

Run the command below to see if everything works as expected:

```bash
nextmv sdk run . -- -runner.input.path input.json \
  -runner.output.path output.json -solve.duration 10s
```

> A file `output.json` should have been created with the optimal knapsack
> solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A file `output.json` should have been created with a solution to the order fulfillment problem.
```
